---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2025-01-17
players: 5
Status: 
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
tags:
  - journal
banner: [[MapBanner.jpg]]
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---

# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- No one

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

The party, having recently defeated [[Abram Mercutio]], seek answers from Uncle Wilhelm on the nature of their research and connections.

## Important notes:

- Arch Arcanist [[Hans Bechelor]] and Sr. Arcanist [[Wilhelm Wilthang]] were peers who taught over [[Sien Severim]], [[Abram Mercutio]] and [[Aldwerden]] at the same school.
- Bechelor was responsible for the magical cataclysm at the magical school. He and Wilhelm were transported to the Far Realms where Wilthang defeated Bechelor, but not for good. This was after a prolonged period of Bechelor communing with something in the far realms known as the Chained One - [[greyhawk-tharizdun-xdmg|Tharizdun]]. 
- Wilhelm analyzed the notes from [[Abram Mercutio]] and believes there may be an ancient library Northeast of [[Herzloch]].
	- This ancient library is said to reveal where Aazimor is buried.
	- Bringing all 10 [[eye of Aazimor]] can resurrect an aspect of Aazimor, possibly allowing us to defeat him and end his grasp on the material plane forever.
- Ill tidings from the town of [[Geldfelder]]
    - has an old gold mine.
    - Town is no longer communicating with the outside world.
    - Rumors of a Lupine infestation, Frank and Maeve are particularly interested.
- Sold the [[mirror-of-life-trapping-xdmg|Mirror of Life Trapping]]. Inquire Argin about the souls within at a later date. Acquired eye stalks. Need to sell to the Alchemist in addition to inquiring about the Book of Flesh Golem Creation.
- Acquired iron spike and a book about [[fey]] creatures.
- The Wilthang family has a castle apparently.
- All signs point to [[Sien Severim]] being in Traumich. [[The Friarsons]] seem to be there as well. Will have to tread very carefully

## To Do:

1. (Personal) Sell off eyestalks and books before leaving town! 
2. (Personal) Record inventory properly and reorganize character sheets with the materials Jake is going to print off. I'm starting to lose track of inventory :/
3. Handle [[Geldfelder]]. Let [[Frank]] and [[Maeve]] take the lead.
    1. Consider entrusting Wilhelm with the eyes in the meantime.
4. Visit Traumich.
    2. Speak to[[ The Friarsons]] if possible.
    3. Eliminate Severim once and for all.  
        1. Kill by hanging if possible.
    4. Retrieve [[Helmsplitter]].
5. Explore ancient Library.
    1. Gather the [[Eye of Aazimor]]
    2. Destroy the Aspect of Aaazimor