---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2025-01-24
players: 4
Status: []
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
tags:
  - journal
banner: [[MapBanner.jpg]]
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- No one

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

[[The Yam Court]] Makes their way towards the town of [[Geldfelder]] in search of the Lupine [[fiend]] threatening the region. The party passes through the village of [[Maier]] and some strange happenings have been occurring since their arrival. The party is determined to get to the bottom of this. Or are they? I may have forgotten.

## Important notes:

- Passing through a mountain pass, we encountered a caravan of cloaked halflings with oddly marked horses. We did not investigate further.
- [[Izzy]] confesses she is being hunted by a lesser Arch [[fey]], known as the Stag King. It is somehow related to [[Robyn]]. A Sadium Odella is involved as well.
- The Party fought and slayed a Rhemoraz.
- The Party Arrived in the village of [[Maier]]. Strange happenings are afoot. We are having trouble keeping track of details and memories.
- The townsfolk seem blissfully unaware of any of these happenings.
- The Party awakens in the village of [[Maier]]. Strange happenings are afoot. We are having trouble keeping track of details and memories.
- We met a deaf girl named [[Heidi]]. She is able to tell us of what is going on. We need to block  out our sense of hearing to keep our memories and wits about us. There is a creature poisoning our minds with it's "song".
- There is a town meeting tomorrow. We need to be prepared to fight and slay the creature. We must keep a good set of notes to keep track of our plans.
- The Party awakens in the village of [[Maier]]. Strange happenings are afoot. We are having trouble keeping track of details and memories.

## To Do:

1. Keep on the defensive against the lesser arch [[fey]] and their minions.
	1. Kill/Neutralize the Stag King.
	2. Kill/Neutralize [[Robyn]].
	3. Kill Sadium Odella. 
2. Uncover the Mystery of [[Maier]].
	1. Slay the creature.
	2. Develop notes and plans to remember the following morning.
	3. Develop hearing protection plan.
3. Travel on towards [[Geldfelder]].