---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category: 
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus: 
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2000-01-01
players: 5
Status: 
OneLiner: 
timelines: 
tags:
  - journal
banner: [[MapBanner.jpg]]
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Dean]] - [[Aldwerden]]
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- No one

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

The party destroys the mysterious caravan and slaughters it's inhabitants and "contents". They cautiously arrive in [[Geldfelder ]] and begin to investigate.

## Important notes:

- The caravaneers were revealed to be Darklings and were transporting a creature and nothing else. The other contents were [[illusions-xphb|Illusions]]. A Stagling was contained in a cage in the carriage. The Stagling was killed while trying to escape. The caravaneers were killed. We attempted to keep one alive but failed. The Darklings also had some [[ogre-xmm|Ogre]]-like creatures in the back. They were also slain.
- After performing [[speak-with-dead-xphb|Speak with Dead]], We learned some key points.
	- They were working for Odella.
	- Odella is a handler for the Stag King's "Menagerie".
	- [[Izzy]] was a product of this Menagerie. They were bred over generations to be another asset for the Stag King.
- Little to no loot is found on the Darklings aside from their self-defense weapons: 2 [[Handcannon]]s.
- We arrive in Geldfelder and begin to investigate.

## To Do:

1. Unravel the mysteries surrounding the Lupine threat in [[Geldfelder]].
	1. Explore the abandoned church.
	2. Explore The Midas - The town mine.
	3. [[Slay the Lupine of Geldfelder]]
2. Return to [[Herzloch]] and explore the [[Herzloch College of the Arcane]] with [[Aldwerden]] in tow.