---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2000-01-01
players: 5
tags:
  - journal
banner: [[MapBanner.jpg]]
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Dean]] - [[Aldwerden]]
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- No one

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

Our party plans to [[Slay the Lupine of Geldfelder]]. Our search begins in [[Geldfelder]] in the abandoned church. We notice visible signs of struggle and vandalism. We also uncover a holy artifact, the [[Blade of Benevolence]], given to [[Frank]]. After redistributing some [[magic-items-tce|Magic Items]], the party retires to sleep at the Inn, The Busy Bee. In the night, our watch [[Frank]], was goaded into leaving the room to find a ruby placed on the ground outside the door. The Lupine had planned to trap him and combat ensued. We slayed the current host of the Lupine, but were quickly beset by [[cultist-xmm|Cultists]] in service of the Lupine. Two or three dozen cultists surrounded the Inn as [[The Yam Court]] made a daring escape towards the abandoned church in a desperate hope to defeat the Lupine on Hallowed ground.

## Important notes:

- Exploring the church, we find signs of a struggle. Father Alexander Marrow is likely dead or imprisoned in the mines.
- Exploring the church, we find the [[Blade of Benevolence]]. It is offered to [[Frank]] as he is the only practical wielder.
- The church was destroyed at some point recently, and the locals are acting very strangely towards our presence there.
- We were surrounded in the Inn by a mob of cultists and the Lupine. The first host of the Lupine was slain and was transferred to another host.
- Retreating to the church and slaying the Lupine there is our only hope of success without massive bloodshed. It is imperative that we succeed.

## To Do:

1. [[Slay the Lupine of Geldfelder]]
2. Explore the Midas - the town mine
3. Return to [[Herzloch]] and explore the [[Herzloch College of the Arcane]] with [[Aldwerden]] in tow.