---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category: 
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus: 
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2000-01-01
players: 3
Status: 
OneLiner: 
timelines: 
tags:
  - journal
banner:
  - - MapBanner.jpg
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

[[The Yam Court]] begins work to restore the town of [[Geldfelder]] to a sense of normalcy. They explore the depths of [[The Midas]] and uncover the ancient tomb that had sealed away Abberiss. Exploring within, the party began to unravel the secrets of the ancient creature and discovered the horde containing the stolen wealth of the town. With renewed hope (and a sizable financial catalyst), Geldfelder can begin to rebuild. The Yam Court then sets off to [[Herzloch]] in search of guidance from [[Wilhelm Wilthang]]. The party was deceived by a false Wilhelm, revealing himself to be a powerful otherworldly being. Our heroes must now fight to escape the Wilhelm Manor alive.

## Important notes:

- [[Geldfelder]] has been restored
	- We received a fair amount of [[magic-items-tce|Magic Items]].
	- We received 25,000 gp.
	- We encountered a grateful Brahnn who had fallen victim to the Lupine.
- A False Wilhelm tricked the party into surrendering 2 [[Eye of Aazimor]].
	- The False Wilhelm revealed his true form to be an otherworldly monster. All signs suggest this creature is the *"Elevated"* [[Hans Bechelor]].
	- The creature "Assimilated" the Eyes into it's being.
	- The Manor was destroyed in the ensuing disaster by an unknown creature or "force" consuming the structure.
	- [[Wilhelm Wilthang]] and his wife Sebina Wilthang were freed from their imprisonment in the manor and escaped alive.
- In the chaos of the crumbling manor, [[Aldwerden]], aged 116 Winters, met with a horrible fate and was slowly crushed to death by shifting earth and rubble.

> [!quote]- Ancient Mural in The Midas
> A long forgotten mural stands on the far wall, stretching from one end of the room to the other across the half dome shape of the subterranean structure. It's paint is weathered and crackled but preserved by the cool, dry air of the tomb. The left side of the mural depicts a Dwarf in tattered monk's robes among the mountains. He wields a radiant sword whose light beams in every direction, warding off a spreading darkness in front of him. to the right is the creeping darkness abated by the monk, and further to the right, are hordes of people and treasure, their expressions are fearful. On the far right of the mural is the source of their fears, a foul and monstrous wolf, raking in the people towards him. He leaves behind him a trail of corpses and darkness.

## To Do:

1. Recollect ourselves. Find safety and rest.
2. Set off to  [[Explore the Ancient Library]].
3. Travel to Traumich.
	1. [[Eliminate Sien Severim]]
