---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category: 
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus: 
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2000-01-01
players: 5
Status: 
OneLiner: 
timelines: 
tags:
  - journal
banner:
  - - MapBanner.jpg
banner-y: 60
content-start: 175
banner-display: cover
banner-repeat: false
banner-height: 250
banner-fade: -75
banner-radius: 0
banner-title-color: "#FF5733"
banner-x: 100
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

### DM:
- [[John]]

### Players Present:  
- [[Abigail]] - [[Maeve]]
- [[Dean]] - [[Aldwerden]]
- [[Jake]] - [[Izzy]]
- [[Mitch]] - [[Rowan]]
- [[Zach]] - [[Frank]]

### Absent:
- No one

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

## Synopsis

[[The Yam Court]] has [[Slay the Lupine of Geldfelder | Slain the Lupine of Geldfelder]]. There is much work to do in [[Geldfelder]] to restore it to it's former condition.

## Important notes:

- The Lupine, named Abberiss, has been slain.
	- Aside from a handful killed in the battle, all but one of the cultists has fled.
	- Those who did not become cultists were subjected to slave labor in The Midas. They were liberated by [[The Yam Court]].
	- Jack, the cultist who led the slavers in The Midas, is alive and has been left to the Geldfelders to decide his fate.
	- Father Marrow had been hanged outside the Town Hall. He is being given a proper burial.
	- There is still deliberation about possible rewards.
	- The Inn burnt to the ground
- [[Izzy | Izzy's]] "Contact" assisted us during the battle. She has charged us with going to the Weeping Woods at the base of Mt. Emory near Traumich. 
- Izzy has been spurned by the [[Eye of Aazimor]]. They can no longer attune to them.

## To Do:

1.  Assist Geldfelder in transitioning from the control of the Lupine, deliberate possible rewards.
2. Return to [[Herzloch]], explore the [[Herzloch College of the Arcane]] with [[Aldwerden]] in tow.